[docs][authentication]: Update info regarding expo-facebook (#18560)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/authentication.md

#### Custom Apps

> Consider using the [`react-native-fbsdk-next`](https://github.com/thebergamo/react-native-fbsdk-next) module, with EAS Build, for native auth as it supports some nonstandard OAuth features implemented by Facebook. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider using the [`react-native-fbsdk-next`](https://github.com/thebergamo/react-native-fbsdk-next) module with [Config Plugins](/guides/config-plugins/) for native auth as it supports some nonstandard OAuth features implemented by Facebook. 
```

> Consider using the [`react-native-fbsdk-next`](https://github.com/thebergamo/react-native-fbsdk-next) module with [Config Plugins](/guides/config-plugins/) for native auth as it supports some nonstandard OAuth features implemented by Facebook. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider using the [`react-native-fbsdk-next`](https://github.com/thebergamo/react-native-fbsdk-next) module with [Config Plugins](/guides/config-plugins/) for native auth as it supports some nonstandard OAuth features implemented by Facebook.
```
